Overhaul docs (#468)
nautobot/nautobot-app-ssot: docs/user/app_getting_started.md

## What are the next steps?

You can check out the [Use Cases](app_use_cases.md) section for more examples.

> Alternatively, if you intend to build your own integration, check out [Developing Data Source and Data Target Jobs](../dev/jobs.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, if you intend to build your own integration, check out [Developing DataSource and DataTarget Jobs](../dev/jobs.md).
```
